---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Tidepool

I know it's fairly obvious to say that dealing with diabetes is extremely tough. However, I don't think the average person can truly conceptualize how difficult it really is. My little sister was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes after suffering from intese pain. When her condition first started to show symptoms and was rushed to the hospital, the doctors had done their best to normalize her blood sugar levels. Unfortunately, her body had grown accustomed to operating at a high blood sugar level and, having been lowered too quickly, induced a seizure lasting several minutes. Learning how to deal with her condition as a family has been complicated and difficult. 

<!--more-->

Monitoring/mediating her glucose levels is something that we have to take care of around the clock. Thanks to continuous glucose monitoring devices, we've been able to somewhat intuitively get a sense for what her safe glucose levels should be. Insulin dosage can at times feel like an educated guesstimation rather than a real science. Looking at Tidepool's long term goals for an entire automated insulin dosing ecosystem (or even their current tool for automating insulin) I'm glad to know that there is technology being created to better serve my little sister's needs. Especially in a way that doesn't exploit her personal data or require significant investment. 

## Bitwarden Update

Switching topics, Bitwarden progress has been chugging along. Johan was able to submit a pr concerning an erorr in the documentation. I've been working on fixing a bug with the UI that nobody has claimed yet. Most of the bugs in the Issues tab right now I must say are either taken or still extremely complicated to replicate. It's amazing how many different types of users (environments, languages, hardware) Bitwarden has. Unforunately, it makes debugging all the more difficult. Either way, progress is still being made.
