---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Tidepool Presentation

Christopher's presentation, once we finally had things setup, was genuinely engaging and interesting. I really enjoyed his presentation on Tidepool, and their unique approach to Open Source software. Due to the nature of their product, they are not and cannot be open to contributions from the greater community. Christopher did a great job explaining how Tidepool's software is mostly a function of a forked repo and software made internally that has been vetted by the FDA. 

<!--more-->

However, in an effort to maintain the Open Source ethos, they make the code they're allowed to make public widely accessible. Every single process even outside of code (meetings, internal docs, initiatives) is similarly made widely accessible. Their approach is unique, in that it stands in contrast to how buisnesses have chosen to widely adapt Open Source. From what I've seen combing through Open Source projects, many businsses adopt Open Source projects to meet their needs but don't necessarily choose to make everything public, only what's necessary. Or they'll choose to make their business completely Open Source and accept user contributions to even their main product. 

## Bitwarden Update

Recently, my team and I have been trying to switch gears in terms of how we've been tackling issues/finding way to contribute. The issue I had been working on was claimed and solved by the dev team, leading to some loss time. In order to combat those sort of problems, my team and I have been combing through the documentation to find errors and places to fix ourselves. So far, we've been able to locate a page that contains dev environment setup instructions for a Bitwarden repo that has been completely deprecrated and replaced. Knowing that, we submitted an issue to see if they would like to overhaul this page to match the instructions for the new technology that they have on the main website. Seprately, I submitted a pr including changes to another page with new links and changes dealing with semantics/addressing new technology. I'm glad I was able to finally submit a pr and have it be merged. 
